c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Extratext.exe.config
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\x64\tesseract.dll
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\x86\tesseract.dll
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\configs\config.cfg
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.bigrams
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.fold
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.lm
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.nn
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.params
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.size
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.word-freq
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.tesseract_cube.nn
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.traineddata
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\pdf.ttf
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\pdf.ttx
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Extratext.exe
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Extratext.pdb
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Patagames.Ocr.dll
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Patagames.Ocr.xml
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.Form1.resources
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.exe
c:\users\nnit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.pdb
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Extratext.exe.config
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.exe
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.pdb
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\x64\tesseract.dll
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\x86\tesseract.dll
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Extratext.exe
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Extratext.pdb
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Patagames.Ocr.dll
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\Patagames.Ocr.xml
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.Form1.resources
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\configs\config.cfg
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.bigrams
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.fold
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.lm
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.nn
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.params
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.size
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.word-freq
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.tesseract_cube.nn
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.traineddata
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\pdf.ttf
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\pdf.ttx
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\vie.traineddata
D:\Extratext\Extratext\bin\Debug\tessdata\equ.traineddata
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.Form3.resources
D:\Extratext\Extratext\obj\Debug\Extratext.Win32.resources
